- [Instructor] When you're working on a React project
it's a good idea to have some sort
of place to write your code.
One of the tools we can use
to write code is Visual Studio Code,
so, this is totally free.
If you don't have this installed already
it's one I would recommend,
you can always download it from the website,
if you're using a PC it will prompt you
to download it for a PC.
If you're using a Mac, you can download it here.
So, we're going to go through the steps of installing VS Code,
it'll download this to a zip folder.
Nice, so once that's downloaded
we can click on it to expand the zip,
then we're going to see this here in our downloads folder
and we can go ahead and open it up.
Once you open this,
you're going to be able to open up your exercise files here,
so again, you have access
to the exercise files from this class.
One of the easiest ways of getting started I feel like,
is to drag your exercise files folder
over the Visual Studio Code editor
and then you're going to have access
to all of them here, which is pretty cool.
Another thing to do once you install VS Code
for the first time is to go up here
to the code menu, check preferences,
and one of the things that people always ask me
about my code editor
is it's the most important thing, right?
What does your, what color theme are you using?
So, you can find different color themes
if you go to preferences and then you select color theme,
here you see a whole list of them that you can choose from,
so whatever feels right to you, you can pick.
The one I'll be using for this class is called Night Owl
and if you don't already have Night Owl installed
you can go to preferences, you can go then to extensions
and then you can search for Night Owl in your extensions,
and then you can click install.
Obviously, if you prefer to use a different theme
or a different code editor entirely,
that's totally great and I encourage you to do so.
Another thing I want to point out is if you go
to your browser and you type react.new into that new tab
react.new will give you a CodeSandbox
that you can work with.
So, think of CodeSandbox
as being like VS Code in the browser,
you can use it for free, develop your own apps,
notice that you need to sign in.
So, you would sign in either with your GitHub account
or with your Google account, but once you do that
you're going to have everything
you need to get started on a project.
So, don't feel like you have to run
anything locally using VS Code,
you can always go to react.new in the browser,
fire up a CodeSandbox and get started that way.
And then there are other tools for this type of thing, too.
If you want to check out CodePen,
this is a really nice one as well.
CodePen allows you to build, test,
and discover front end code as their tagline suggests.
There's also an app called Glitch
which I would recommend too.
So, lots of different ways to get started,
but the important part is that we have some sort
of location where we can write this front end code.